# Mayura-Jayakumar
Mayura Jayakumar, president of Coimbatore congress Committee and working president of TamilNadu Congress Committee
Things You Don't Know About Congress Leader Mayura Jayakumar
        Mr. Mayura Jayakuamr entered Congress Party in the year of 1993, In 1994 - 1995 Elected as Chairman, PSG College of Arts and Science, Coimbatore, IN 1996 - 1998 Zonal Youth Congress President & Coimbatore Urban District Congress Committee, 1998 Charter President, Lions Club of Coimbatore, 1998 - 2006 Coimbatore District Youth Congress President for 2 Times. In 2006 Directed state-level Youth Congress Show at Madurai. In 2007     "PADAYATRA"(Political Walk By strolling) for 47 frequent days crossing 1300 KMs across Tamil Nadu State to promote the accomplishments of Congress headed UPA Government. Attempted boosted visit to all of the 54 political regions, 385 Squares, 148 Regions in the constraint of Head of TNYC and equipped workers meeting in most by far of the units for working up the social occurrence from 2006 to 2010. 
        Traveled to Universal Visited Administration Program USA, Directed by US Branch of States held September 2010. Mayura Jayakumar elected as Tamilnadu Youth Congress State President. In 2010 Best Outstanding Alumni Award by PSG Sons and Charities to Mayura Jayakumar. Representing General Secretary and Rahul Rajiv Congress Worker's association observed out for various issues and accepted to the Association. 
       Congress Leader Mayura Jayakumar Performed several social programs like blood donate Canvases, Clinical Camps, Cleanliness programs, A tree for house, etc. Mayura Jayakumar founded "NIJANGAL" (a Registered Society and NGO). In 2012 - 2017 named as General Secretary, Tamilnadu Congress Committee. In 2017-2019 Mayura Jayakumar determined as President of the Coimbatore Urban region Congress cabinet. Feb-2019 elected as Working president, Tamilnadu Congress Committee & General Secretary, Tamilnadu Congress Committee In 2017-2019. 
       IN the Mayura Jayakumar period, For the first time in records, the state Congress party leader came to the district congressional office and attended the Republic day Day celebration.                              	
	    Coimbatore District Congress Committee President Mr.Mayura Jayakumar met the Governor of the Coimbatore District and Police Commissioner with the pioneers of the Democratic Progressive Alliance and address the unusual circumstance in the present peace happening in the town.Mr.Jayakumar, Congress leader Protested against the price hike of Cooking Gas by Central Government.
      Mayura Jayakumar empowered Protest against the "Citizenship Amendment act" and" the national Citizenship Registry". Mayura Jayakumar arranged notable impressive public meeting was held in Coimbatore condemning Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019.
      DMK General Secretary Professor K.Anbhalagan passed away on Saturday at the age of 97. Tamilnadu Congress Working president Mr.Mayura Jayakumar revealed his feeling to their family and DMK party leaders and organs "I am sorrowful for your loss. I would like to offer his family and DMK our most heartfelt and most honest condolence. May our condolences make you calmness throughout this distressing period"
      Women's Day was honored on behalf of the Coimbatore Municipal District Congress Committee. Mayura Jaya Kumar, President of the Coimbatore District Congress party, Accompanied the celebration. Then he addressed the women and greeted them. following that Mayura Jayakumar coveys his wishes to all women on social networks.
Mayura Jayakumar's Favorite places  Pollachi Massaniamman Temple, Sirvani Dam in Coimbatore, Kallar in Mettupalayam, Aliyar Dam in Pollachi, Anamalai Tiger Reserve is at Pollachi.
